# Team 1: 

* Decision Maker
​
## Working title: 

* Decision Maker
​
## User Stories:

​* As a creator, I can create a poll with multiple options, because I want to make votes.

* As a creator, I can send the poll to voters and me, because I need to administrate it and others need to vote .

* As a voter, I can see all the options, because I need to vote.

* As a voter, I can enter my name, if I choose to, because I want the creator knowns whose submit it is.

* As a voter, I can rank the options, because I want to rank my favorite.

* As a voter, I  can submit my option, because I want the creator to receive it. 

* As a creator, I can receive a notification, when a submission is received, because I want to see others'votes and administrate my poll.
​
## Nouns:

​* creator, poll, options, votes, voters, voter's name.
​
## Schema:

* 1 ERD
* 2 Set up Database
* 3 Simple HTML and CSS desgin
* 4 Modulize db and routes 
* 5 Net work connection
* 6 Implement routers
* 7 CSS styles
* 8 Clean code
​
## Roles:

mixture of horizontal and vertical approach
​
## Schedule:
​
10:30 AM MST/9:30 AM PST start time
​
### Saturday:

#### Routes List
* Users route: prefix(users)  ----David
/index              get  --- page for creating a poll
/index              post --- admin send polls
/:user_id           get  --- page for all polls created for a logged in user

* Polls route: prefix(polls)
/:poll_id               get  --- page for a specific poll (Link we send to voters)   ---Feng
/:poll_id               post --- submit the vote  ---Feng
/:poll_id/guest_name    get ---for user to see one submission ---Zio
/:poll_id/result        get --- final count for votes ---Zio

### Sunday:

### Monday:

### Tuesday:

### Wednesday:

### Thursday:

### Friday:


## Warnings & Tips:
​- Do not edit the `layout.css` file directly, it is auto-generated by `layout.scss`
- Split routes into their own resource-based file names, as demonstrated with `users.js` and `widgets.js`
- Split database schema (table definitions) and seeds (inserts) into separate files, one per table. See `db` folder for pre-populated examples. 
- Use the `npm run db:reset` command each time there is a change to the database schema or seeds. 
  - It runs through each of the files, in order, and executes them against the database. 
  - Note: you will lose all newly created (test) data each time this is run, since the schema files will tend to `DROP` the tables and recreate them.
